Q. Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

mostly disagree
Educational institutions play an important role in shaping a student's future. 
They are expected to discourage students from choosing an unsuccessful career path. 
Although the institutions are responsible for directing the students towards a successful field, they can't suppress the interests of students.


In some cases,educational institutions have a responsibility to discourage students from pursing fields  of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.
For example,one of friend was interested in metallurgy even though university recommended different field he choose metallurgy out of his personal interest and couldn't progress in his career.
As,educational institute have more knowledge on the fields, students should consider their suggestions.


however in most cases,educational institutes need not interfere in student's decision to pursue the field of his interest.
This is primarily because if the student is forced to opt a subject,he may not perform well.
But for some, success may mean reaching the heights of their creative potential rather than being rich.
Such kind of students prefer to explore their areas of interest mostly for knowledge and not for jobs.
So, these students should not be influenced by institutions to change their decision.


Moreover,numerous examples illustrate that student should be given a freedom to opt the field of study.
For example,a student interest in space research should be left to explore the mesmerizing things of the universe.
Though he might not be successful in future, he will be satisfied that he explored the universe.   


Therefore, i mostly disagree with education institutions interfering in student's decision to pursue the field field of his interest.
Instead ,institution need to give suggestions for student in opting the fields of study rather than discourage them.
