Q.Educational institutions should actively encourage their students to choose fields of study that will prepare them for lucrative careers.

Q.Educational institutions should actively encourage their students to choose fields of study in which jobs are plentiful.




lucrative=high-paying

mostly dissagree 

Education is crucial for the success and development of a person.
Education is the most important factor behind the success and development of a person.
Educational institutions are the driving force behind providing the quality education
and honing the skills of an individual.They have the potential to guide students in path of their dreams and leave them to achievement.

Educational institutions play an important role in shaping a student's future. 
They are expected to encourage students from to choosing an unsuccessful career path. 
Although the institutions are responsible for directing the students towards a successful field, they can't suppress the interests of students.


In some cases, educational institutions should encourage their student to choose fields of study that will prepare them for high-paying careers.
For example,one of my friends opted computer science because of university recommendations.
After his completion of study in the university he got a high payed job.
As,educational institute have more knowledge on the fields, students should consider their suggestions.

However,Educational institutions should also encourage students to pick subject of their interest rather than focusing only on monetary benefits .
This is primarily because if the student is forced to opt a subject,he may not perform well.
But for some, success may mean reaching the heights of their creative potential rather than being rich.
Such kind of students prefer to explore their areas of interest mostly for knowledge and not for jobs.
So, these students should not be influenced by institutions to change their decision.


Moreover,numerous examples illustrate that student should be given a freedom to opt the field of study.
For example,a student interest in space research should be left to explore the mesmerizing things of the universe.
Though he might not be successful in future, he will be satisfied that he explored the universe.

Therefore, I mostly disagree with T educational institutions should encourage their students to choose fields of study that will prepare them for high payed jobs.
Instead ,institution need to give suggestions for student in opting the fields of study rather than propelling them for lucrative career.
