@. Governments should focus on solving the immediate problems of today rather than on trying to solve the anticipated problems of the future.

I mostly disagree with the recomendation.


water problem in cities.
polution problem.


Government is meant to solve the problems of the people.
They are expected to focus on solving current problems instead of the anticipated problems of future.
But we need to focus on both problems based on priority.


In some cases, government should solve the  present problems  rather than trying to solve the expected problems of the future.
If any natural disaster occurs in the country then the government need to take immediate action.
For example, if there is an unexpected cyclone occurred in a region of the country, then government need to take immediate precautions by moving the effected people to rehabilitation centers and provide all basic needs like providing food,water,first aid.
In this kind of cases, government should address the problem immediate.

In most cases, governments should also solve the anticipated problems of the future.
This is primarily because natural resources on the earth are limited so people need to use them properly with out wasting.
consider the decrease in ground water level in Hyderabad city as an example.The ground water level in few areas of Hyderabad is reduced drastically over the years.
The government anticipated the problem long time ago and they took the measures of supplying water from nearby dam.// as a result of which the anticipated  water scarcity problem has been resolved. //
In this case, government took to solve anticipated problem of the future and successfully overcomes the water problem in the city.

Moreover,numerous examples illustrate that problems which might occur in future need to be solved today that might case huge damage.
Let's consider global warming as an example.Global warming is the biggest threat to the world that will cause severe damage by sudden temperature changes.
Global warming is caused because of green house gases which are released by vehicles and factories.
Government should take measures like introducing battery vehicles which causes zero emission of green house gases and to construct factories in the forest region thereby helping to reduce the amount of green house gases released into the atmosphere.

Therefore, i mostly disagree with the recommendation of solving the immediate problems of today rather than solving the anticipated problems of the future.
Instead, Government need to concentrate on solutions for both the immediate and anticipated problems.  
