Q.Woven baskets characterized by a particular distinctive pattern have previously been found only in the immediate vicinity of the prehistoric village of Palea and 
therefore were believed to have been made only by the Palean people. 
Recently, however, archaeologists discovered such a "Palean" basket in Lithos, an ancient village across the Brim River from Palea.
 The Brim River is very deep and broad, and so the ancient Paleans could have crossed it only by boat, and no Palean boats have been found.
 Thus it follows that the so-called Palean baskets were not uniquely Palean.

Write a response in which you discuss what specific evidence is needed to evaluate the argument and explain how the evidence would weaken or strengthen the argument.
---baskets found in lithos and acient villages might be exported from palea.

In the argument, it is stated that Woven basskets by a particular unique pattern have perviously only found in Palea and 
therefore were believed to have been made only by palean people ,but conclusion mentioned that palean baskets were not uniquely palean. 
The argument has come to a conclusion due to the depth and broad of the Brim river the ancient paleans have crossed it only by boot, no palean boats have found therfore 
palean baskets are not uniquely palean.However, before the recommendatation can be properly evaluated,two questions must be answered.

First of all,Is the no boots has found in palean is comparable with basket uniqure pattern of palean?.
It is possible that palean boots might got distroyed due to any natural disaster like floods,heavy winds in the river regieon where boots got distroyed.
Further,there is a possiblity that the  population of the country might be in one side of the river, whereas the other side of the river might be only forest area.
If either of the scenarios has merits then the conculsion drawn in the original argument is significantly weekened.

Secondly,Is there no bridge or dam constructed across the river?.It is possible a dam can be constructed accross the river for agreeculture and drinking water purpose.
Futher, there is a possiblity of construction of a bridge over the river for connecting to the other party of the country.
If either of the scenarios has been true then the original argument is weekened.



In Conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on serveral unwanted assumptions.If author is able to answer the two questions above and offer more evidenve, 
then it will be possible to fully evaluate that  palean baskets were not uniquely Palean.

   

