The following appeared as a letter to the editor from a Central Plaza store owner.

conclusion 
recommendation
recommendation
usage
habituated
weakened
available
available
available
strategy
several


"Over the past two years, the number of shoppers in Central Plaza has been steadily decreasing while the popularity of skateboarding has increased dramatically. Many Central Plaza store owners believe that the decrease in their business is due to the number of skateboard users in the plaza. There has also been a dramatic increase in the amount of litter and vandalism throughout the plaza. Thus, we recommend that the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza. If skateboarding is prohibited here, we predict that business in Central Plaza will return to its previously high levels."

Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

A letter to the editor from a central plaza store owner has stated that the use of skateboards needs to banned in the Central plaza for the increase in shoppers in the central plaza. Based on the dramatic increase in the popularity and usage of skateboards in the last two years, the owner comes to the conclusion that the number of shoppers in the central plaza is reduced. However, before the recommendation can be properly evaluated, two questions must be answered.

First of all, is it possible to compare the number of shoppers visiting central plaza with usage of skateboard? There might be people habituated to online shopping of products which decreased the number of shoppers in central plaza. Further, there might be outdated products in the central plaza where people has lost interest in buying them. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened.

Secondly, is there any new mall constructed near the central plaza? There might be big mall constructed near the central plaza where all the people are interested in buying the products due to availability of new brands and trendy products. Further, a newly constructed mall might be selling products to a much lower rate than the Central plaza as a marketing strategy to increase its customer base. If either of these is true, then the argument does not hold water. 

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unstated assumptions. If the author is able to answer the two questions mentioned above and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of proposed recommendation to prohibit the skateboards in the Central Plaza. 