The following appeared in a letter from a homeowner to a friend.


"Of the two leading real estate firms in our town — Adams Realty and Fitch Realty — Adams Realty is clearly superior. Adams has 40 real estate agents; in contrast, Fitch has 25, many of whom work only part-time. Moreover, Adams' revenue last year was twice as high as that of Fitch and included home sales that averaged $168,000, compared to Fitch's $144,000. Homes listed with Adams sell faster as well: ten years ago I listed my home with Fitch, and it took more than four months to sell; last year, when I sold another home, I listed it with Adams, and it took only one month. Thus, if you want to sell your home quickly and at a good price, you should use Adams Realty."

Write a response in which you examine the stated and/or unstated assumptions of the argument. Be sure to explain how the argument depends on these assumptions and what the implications are for the argument if the assumptions prove unwarranted.


A letter from a homeowner to a friend states that, if you want to sell your home quickly at a good price, you should use Adams Realty rather than using Fitch Realty. The homeowner came to a conclusion based on the experience when he sold his house 10 years ago, he listed it in Fitch and it took him more than four months to get sold whereas last year he sold another home listing in Adams and it took only one month. However, before the recommendation can be properly evaluated, two questions must be answered.

First of all, the homeowner assumed that Fitch takes more than four months to sell his house as it happened ten years before. It might be possible that the Fitch Realty firm improved and now it is selling houses in less time than the Adams. Further, the first home sold by homeowner might be in a location where most of the people in the city did not prefer to live but the second home which he sold might be in a good area or community where it got sold easily. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened.

Secondly, the homeowner assumes that current year revenue of Fitch Realty is less than that of Adams Realty. It might be possible that this year Fitch Realty has introduced mobile applications for selling the houses where they require minimum manpower. Further, many of the Adams real estate agents might be working majorly for selling the commercial buildings. If either of these is true, then the argument does not hold water.

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unstated assumptions. If the author can answer the two questions mentioned above and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of proposed recommendation to prohibit the skateboards in the Central Plaza. 