The following appeared in a letter to the editor of the Balmer Island Gazette.

"On Balmer Island, where mopeds serve as a popular form of transportation, the population increases to 100,000 during the summer months. To reduce the number of accidents involving mopeds and pedestrians, the town council of Balmer Island should limit the number of mopeds rented by the island's moped rental companies from 50 per day to 25 per day during the summer season. By limiting the number of rentals, the town council will attain the 50 percent annual reduction in moped accidents that was achieved last year on the neighboring island of Seaville, when Seaville's town council enforced similar limits on moped rentals."

Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.



The letter to the editor of the Balmer Island Gazette states that to reduce the number of accidents involved between mopeds and pedestrians, we have to limit the moped rental companies from 50 per day to 25 per day. The editor came to this conclusion because it was implemented in the same way in neighboring island of Seaville last year and got succeeded in reducing the accidents. However, before the recommendation is to be evaluated, two questions need to be answered.

First of all, is Seaville Island comparable with Balmer Island in the road infrastructure? In Seaville Islands the roads might be damaged. Due to this, plenty of accidents occurred whereas in Balmer Island the roads might be in a good condition where the use of mopeds might cause less accidents than the Seaville Island. Further, in Seaville island the driving rules might not be followed by the mopeds' drivers where as in Balmer the rules might be followed by the mopeds' drivers. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened.

Secondly, What percentage of Balmer island's population uses mopeds from rentals in transportation ? It might be possible that Balmer island people have their own mopeds rather than renting it from a company. Further, it might be possible that the tourists who visit in summer might be using cars for transportation because of the humidity and heat in the Balmer Island. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn does not hold water.

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unstated assumptions. If the author can answer the two questions mentioned above and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of proposed recommendation to limit the number of rentals in Balmer island.



 