
arised
received
usage
similar
conveniently
comparatively

The petition to the city council of centerville states that sidewalk walkers are damaging, distruptions of normal pedestrian traffic is caused due to the ussage of phones. The author came to this conclusion based on the similar situation arised in the Middletown where they have banned the phone usage while walking and they have received no complaints. However, before the recommendation is to be evaluated, two questions need to be answered.

First of all, does the sidewalk rage caused only by the usage of phone? It might be possible that the sidewalkers are using cameras to capture the beauty of the city. Furthur, sidewalkers  might be using tablets instead of mobile phones in Centerville. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened.

Secondly, is the footpath built conveniently for pedestrians of Centerville? It might be possible that some people can have grudge on others and damage their property which are beside the road. Further, the pedestrian traffic might be increased over the last three years and footpaths' widths are not sufficient for fast movement which is causing disruption of normal pedestrian traffic. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn does not hold water.

Thirdly, what is the pedestrian population in Centerville when compared to Middletown? It might be possible that Centerville pedestrian population is very high which is why the problem may not be solved even if we ban cell phones as in Middletown where the population might be comparatively less.  If this scenario has merits, then the conclusion drawn does not hold water.

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unstated assumptions. If the author can answer the two questions mentioned above and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of proposed recommendation to ban the phone usage of sidewalk rage in the Centerville.