The following is a recommendation from the Board of Directors of Monarch Books.


"We recommend that Monarch Books open a café in its store. Monarch, having been in business at the same location for more than twenty years, has a large customer base because it is known for its wide selection of books on all subjects. Clearly, opening the café would attract more customers. Space could be made for the café by discontinuing the children's book section, which will probably become less popular given that the most recent national census indicated a significant decline in the percentage of the population under age ten. Opening a café will allow Monarch to attract more customers and better compete with Regal Books, which recently opened its own café."

Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

Board of Directors of Monarch Book store states that for attracting more customers to the book store they need to open a cafe inside the store. The author came to this conclusion for better competing with the Regal books which recently opened its own cafe. However, before the recommendation is to be evaluated, two questions need to be answered.

First of all,  What is the percentage of childern's book section sales out of the whole sales of Monarch Books? It might be possible that majority of the sales of Monarch Books is Childern's book removing this section might cause decrease in customer base and profits. Further, it might be possible that customers who comes to buy the books for their childern are getting attracted to the different section of books and buy both of them. If either of these scenarios has merits, then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened.

Secondly, What percentage of people who comes to cafe's are really interested in buy the books ? It might be possible that the majority of the customers who comes to the cafe's are not really interested in the books. Further, Regal Books might open a new cafe as a seperate shop besides the book shop as a business expantion where as Monarch Books opening the cafe inside the existing store might cause most disturbance for the customers while selecting. If this scenario has merits, then the conclusion drawn does not hold water.

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unstated assumptions. If the author can answer the two questions mentioned above and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of proposed recommendation to attracting more customers to the book store they need to open a cafe inside the store.

