Q.Leaders are created by the demands that are placed on them.

career
taught
led

A true leader drives his followers to the path of success.It is expected that leaders will be created when responsibilities are imposed on them. I  believe that Leaders are not born, they are made.

Consider Mahendra singh Dhoni as an example who is a true leader in world cricket till date. Dhoni has struggled in his initial stages of career but the Indian team management believed in him and gave a responsibility to lead the Indian cricket team in his initial stage of career. Owing to the demands, he led India to victory in all formats of the game and players who played under his leadership had a drastic improvement in their career,thus becoming a true inspiration for lot of cricketers. The responsibility placed on him made him a true leader.

Additionally, it is during the times of demand the most leaders emerge. Leaders such as Martin Luther king are praised till today for his bravery and leadership. Prior to slavery and segregation of their times while he was a preacher he understood the life lessons but during the struggle for inequality when he became a true leader and taught the entire nation about equality and peace.

Numerous examples illustrate that leaders will be created from the situations that are placed on them. However most argue that these personalities are born to be leaders but when the situations raise, world will be able to see their ability.

Numerous examples illustrate that leaders will be created from the situations that are placed on them. However most argue that these personalities are born to be leaders and their leadership has nothing to do with situations. But it not true because world came to know about the abilities of these leaders only after they had to meet the demands on them. 

I agree with the statement that leaders are created by the demands that are placed on them. I want conclude with a quote of Swami Vivekananda, “world will see leaders, as long as there are problems to be solved”.

Rabindranath tagore