Q.The effectiveness of a country's leaders is best measured by examining the well-being of that country's citizens.

meant
happiness
United Kingdom
hospital
facilities
equipment
efficient
one of my friends
approach
corrupted 
efficiency
affecting  vs effective


Leaders are meant to solve the problems of people. It is expected that the basic needs of society have to be provided by the government. I strongly believe the statement that the welfare of the country's citizens is measured by the effectiveness of its leaders.

In most cases, the happiness of the country's citizens is measured by the effectiveness of a country's leaders. Consider United Kingdom government leaders providing free medication to the people of the country as an example. As medication in hospitals is becoming costly day by day it is hard for poor people to get proper medical facilities, hence the UK government is providing free medication to all its citizens and non-citizens with a valid visa. Also, the hospitals provided by the government are having advanced equipment and efficient staff because of methodologies implemented by the leaders of the country.

In addition, providing free education by the government is one of the main basic needs for the citizens and also the future of the country. Take an example of education system in the United States of America. In the USA, the government is providing free education through public schools where the teaching quality is high and this approach is really helpful for the students who can't effort but have an interest in education. This improves the welfare of future citizens as well as the country's future. As education is the primary factor for the success and overall development of an individual, leaders focusing on it would help in the welfare of the people.


On the other hand, there are countries still suffering due to the lack of good leaders. Consider India as an example. India is still in the list of developing nations because of its corrupted leaders. Instead of solving the problems of the people, political leaders in India are more interested in increasing their assets by fraudulent activities. This makes people dissatisfied and helpless thereby affecting the welfare of the country and its people.

In conclusion, I strongly agree that the efficiency of a country's leaders is best evaluated by examining the welfare of its citizens. 