Q.The best test of an argument is the argument's ability to convince someone with an opposing viewpoint.

convince
trillion 
million
drawbacks
benefited
deny
 due to vs because of
 opportunities
 
'a','an' are indefinite(generic) articles where as 'the' is a definite(specific) article. 


Debates between two opposite view point arguments has become interesting to the people because it helps to understand the complete perspective of the issue.It is expected that the best test of an argument is the ability to convince someone with an opposing viewpoint. I mostly believe with the statement.


Consider an argument from past decade that IPhone is the best smart phone. Apple's smart phones are the most sold phones in the world and most of the revenue for apple comes from smart phones which is why apple is the first trillion dollar company. Some argue that apple is the best smart phone due to its build quality and security, others argue that its battery life and limited features are drawbacks of apple. However the supporters argue that IPhone important features like faceId and security are not present in any other smart phone. Hence opposite view point people will be convinced that IPhone is the best smart phone. 


Trending argument by many people is that Social Media is harming the society more than its uses. Although few argue that people will be benefited by social media due to  uploading their photos or videos of art in Instagram and Facebook which will improve their opportunities  to get better offers from relevant arts, they cannot deny the analytics reports mentioning that on an average people spend eight hours a day in social media platforms and are losing their creativity. Thus a valid view point convinces the arguer on the other end.

Numerous examples illustrate that the best test of an argument is it's ability to convince someone with an opposite view.However, for some arguments there might not be an opposite view point like rapist to be hanging within 21 days and Global warming is the main threat to the world. Also, in some cases arguments may be due to personal agendas where arguments are just meant to oppose the person, even if there is no valid opposite view point.  

I mostly agree with the statement that the ability of an argument is tested best when someone is able to convince the opposite view point.  