Q. True success can be measured primarily in terms of the goals one sets for oneself.

achieve
guaranty


Goals for an individual can be defined as how high the person aims to become. Goals are primarily divided into two kinds, short term goal and long term goal. Usually, short term goals are used to be in track to achieve the long term goals. I believe that an individual's success is measured by the goals one set for oneself.

The primary factor to measure the success of an individual is the goals set by them. For instance, a person's primary goal is to become a billionaire. There are different ways to achieve it, one can loot the bank to get money and the other can work hard to earn money. Any of these ways can lead the individual to success but the success achieved through illegal ways will not withstand for long. Thus an individual need to choose a rightful way to achieve his goals in order to succeed.

Consider an example with the graduates attending the interviews most cases in HR or managerial round the first question 'where do you want to see your self after 5 years?' they ask this because to understand individual goals and access whether the person is really fit to the organization goal or not. This helps them to access how better the employee can perform which shows that having big goals will motivate them to perform better and progress.

Some argue that keeping goals will restrict the person to follow a single path instead of exploring life. But if no goal is set, the person will do all random things and end up in nothing. To streamline the actions, goals are necessary. Hence setting the goals is important but it is also essential that the person should enjoy the journey towards achieving it.

In conclusion, I agree that setting goals is necessary to measure the true success of an individual. Goals help us to take the right path, saves time, avoids distraction, keeps focus and helps to improve. As they say "A goal properly set is halfway reached", before starting any task, setting up goals will guarantee success provided we plan it properly.



As they say "A goal properly set is halfway reached", setting goals will help us to achieve success.

