Q.No field of study can advance significantly unless it incorporates knowledge and experience from outside that field.

relevant
temperature
archeology
irrelevant
primarily
fusion
satellite
metallurgy
circuit
circuit
efficient
programming
equipment
operation



Knowledge is gained only through education and experience. It is expected that no field of study can advance significantly unless it includes knowledge and experience from outside that field. I strong believe in the claim.

In most cases, experience from relevant outside field will cause advance improvement in current field of study. Take an example of the advanced medical treatments.Heart transplantation is one of the advanced treatments in medical field which is possible because of the invention of new electronic equipment used in the operation. Therefore, the most important treatment in medical field has been possible because of incorporating concepts of physics. So, knowledge in relevant fields will help to significantly improve the current field of study.  

This is primarily because scope of most fields can increase by applying knowledge of relevant fields. Consider space research scientists who are working in NASA as an example. NASA recently wanted to study the sun's internal fusion with the help of placing a satellite near the sun and the scientists who are working in this project should also know the nuclear fusion subject knowledge and which metal to be used for preparing satellite to bare the extreme temperatures. In this case,the scientist need to have knowledge in different fields of study like nuclear fusion and metallurgy. 

Numerous examples illustrate that experience from outside the field is helpful. Take computer science field for instance. If a computer scientist is working on the programming of chip set, then having knowledge in electronic device and circuit will be helpful. Otherwise, he might not write the efficient code. In this case, computer scientist need to have knowledge and experience in electronics fields. 

In conclusion, I mostly agree with the claim that a field of study cannot advance significantly unless it has incorporated knowledge and experience from relevant fields outside of it.