Q.It is more harmful to compromise one's own beliefs than to adhere to them.

agree
belief
loose-vehicle bolts 
lose-kolipovadamu
military
secret
terrorist
threat
politicians
violence
achieve


Compromising one's belief implies that a person letting go off his moral values because of some self-gain and might not have the guts to stand up against the wrong. This means that the person has low moral values and inner strength. So, I mostly believe in the statement of the author.

In few cases, it is necessary to compromise one's own belief than to stick to them. Consider a software employee working in a big organization. The organization stand was to misuse user data and sell it to other companies in order to gain more profits and made the employee to compromise his belief and ethics. In this kind of cases, the software employee cannot oppose the higher management with the fear of losing his job. In this case, the employee will lose his identity.

Numerous examples illustrate that it causes more harm to the nation because of an individual compromising their belief. Take military person for an instance. If the military person has compromised his belief and shared the secrets to terrorists then it will be a national threat and causes more harm to the society. In this case like military person, Government officers and politicians should not compromise there ethics and beliefs because it might cause damage to the entire nation.  

The best example is Mahatma Gandhi who is also known as the father of the nation in India. Gandhi's belief was peace and non-violence which can give freedom to the entire nation from British rule. India got independence in 1947 against the British because of Gandhi's belief otherwise, it might get extended for few more years. In the above case, Gandhi in his difficult times also didn't compromise his belief and stood strong. 

In conclusion, considering the above examples, I mostly agree with the statement that compromising one's belief will cause more harm than to stick to it. 
 