q.We can learn much more from people whose views we share than from people whose views contradict our own.
mostly agree
talking a expert in that field.
team lead and developer.

process 
television
oppose
channel

Gaining knowledge in a field is a never-ending process and learning from others is never a mistake, rather it helps us to grow in career. It is expected that we can learn much more from people who share a common viewpoint. I mostly disagree with the statement.

In a few cases, we cannot learn from people whose views oppose ours. Consider a Television channel debate of political parties. In this debate, the leaders who belong to different parties will oppose others' views even if they do not have valid points to contradict. In this kind of debates, there will be only fighting instead of learning from others' opinions.

In most cases, we can learn from people whose views contradict our own. This is primarily because gaining knowledge in a particular field is a never-ending process. Indeed, sharing our opinions with experts in those relevant fields who oppose our opinions will be helpful for learning. For example, in a software company where developers, leads and architects are working on a big product like Alexa, developers have an idea of adding a new feature to the product. Sharing his viewpoints with architects who oppose it will be helpful for the developer to learn more about the product's expectation also, where his views are lacking the reality.

Numerous examples illustrate that sharing our view with experts who oppose our viewpoint will give a scope to learn new things. For instance, people though that earth is flat in the past before Pythagoras came out with a different claim in 5 B.C mentioning that earth is round like a ball. Eventually, his claim was proved to be true. If everyone ignored him, this important factor of the earth might not be found out and Columbus would not have discovered America too. In this case, contradicting views actually give you more opportunity to explore and learn rather than constrain learning.

In conclusion, I mostly disagree with the statement that we can learn from people with similar opinions rather than from people with opposing viewpoints. 
