Q.Students should always question what they are taught instead of accepting it passively.

Mostly agree
encourage
bachelor
career

Teachers and parents need to encourage students to ask questions in education as well as in life. It is expected that students are supposed to question what they are taught instead of blindly accepting it. I mostly believe in the above-mentioned statement.

In a few cases, students should not ask questions about what they are taught. History class will be the best example of this. Students need to accept the information they are taught since those are the facts. George Washington was the first president of the United States of America. This is taught in every American school. This is a fact and cannot be changed. Also, a few concepts of science like gravitational law will not change. In these cases, students should not ask questions because some subjects and concepts are facts which cannot be changed.  

In most cases, students need to ask questions instead of accepting the concepts they are taught in schools or colleges. For example, during my Java class in bachelor degree, my teacher used to encourage us to ask questions and share ideas for implementing the coding problems, hence the session was interactive and we were able to build our thinking abilities. Therefore, students who asked questions and shared ideas started thinking on their own for finding solutions to the coding problems and became good programmers later. If our teacher had not encouraged us, we would not have developed the ability of independent thinking. So, asking questions and sharing ideas in class will be helpful for the students in later stages of life.

Numerous examples illustrate that students need to ask questions about what they are taught. Students who ask valid questions to their teachers and parents mostly become good leaders in their fields, besides developing good thinking power. Classes should be more like interactive sessions rather than students accepting what they are taught. Teachers and parents should motivate the students to ask questions and they should patiently answer their questions. 


In conclusion, even though some students ask unnecessary questions about the proven facts, I mostly agree with the statement that students actively asking questions on what they are taught will improve their independent thinking and analytical skills.
 