Rapid development of technology has caused more problems than it solves for human life

Strongly agree
best example Industries

believe
medicine
livelihood
environment
development
polluting
Internet
benefiting
tumor
precaution
necessary
measures
equipments
innovation


The world is developing at a rapid pace in all fields. It is expected that the swift pace of life today causes more problems than it solves. I mostly believe in the claim.

The best example for explaining the statement is the rapid development of industries. Industries are developing quickly in fields like automobiles, food processing, medicine etc. Although industries provide a livelihood to a large number of people, the side effects caused because of them are impacting the environment in a huge scale. The major problem like global warming is caused by the side effects of industries by polluting air and water with their wastes. The rapid development of industries is causing a more negative impact on the environment and human life. 

Fields like telecommunication and internet are developing rapidly and improving the interaction between people. They are evolving in a much faster pace than they were previously in the 19th century, it took about 10 years for the evolvement of 1g to 2g communication system but now it took hardly 3 years to evolve from 4g to 5g communication system. Although people are benefiting with data transfer, news and entertainment from the internet and communication systems, the radiation caused by them is impacting human health and causing diseases like a brain tumour. The telecommunication is really useful for humans but its rapid development without taking necessary measures is impacting human health.

However, every coin has two sides. In a few fields like medicine, technology will solve the problems rather than causing them. The rapid development of different types of equipment is helpful in critical operations like heart transplantations and major accidents. The prediction on a person getting heart attack using the help of machine learning is a great innovation that helps the person to take precautions. In this kind of cases, the rapid development in those fields is really helpful for humans.

In conclusion, I mostly agree with the statement mentioned that the rapid development of technology has caused more problems than it solves for human life. Rapid development in a few fields are really helpful to people but in most fields, it is causing side effects to people because it has a lack of precautions or measures.       
 