Q.People's behavior is largely determined by forces not of their own making.


patterns
several

In general, behavior means how a person acts or reacts according to the internal or external forces. It is expected that people's behavior is largely determined by forces, not of their own making. I mostly believe in the statement given.

Although human beings have the liberty of choice, their behavior is largely influenced by several external factors. One among them is Cognitive bias where peoples thinking patterns are manipulated. For example in China, people are addicted to a game called Kind of Glory which has 80 million active users per day and 300 million active users per month also 30% of these people spend more than 6 hours a day on this game. The makers of this game have used techniques such as prizes and achievement badges to influence the gamers. Even though it might be a waste of time playing video games all day long, gamers are influenced by the external forces like prizes designed by the makers.

**Starbucks sells Evian water at its shop to make its coffee look less expensive to its customers. Hence, due to the existence of cognitive bias, people’s behavior is easily manipulated by external forces.**

Numerous examples illustrate that a large number of people are determined by the forces, not of their own making. The best example for the statement is mangers in the IT sector, they like to be friendly with team members and work along with them to resolve their problems. But in most cases, they will be strict with the team members because of pressures from the higher management to complete the targets which give them good appraisal. The higher management uses incentives and awards to motivate the employees to work more.

However, every coin has two sides, great leaders like Mahatma Gandhi's behavior is determined by his own making, not by the external forces. Although Britishers put him in jail and made him suffer, he never lost his patience and fought with peace and non-violence in freedom struggle. His vision and belief lead India to get freedom from the British. There will be external pressures for every individual, but the person who makes a decision on his own without getting influenced by external forces will become a true leader.

In conclusion, I mostly agree with the statement that people's behavior is greatly influenced by the external forces, not on their own.  




 