Q.When old buildings stand on ground that modern planners feel could be better used for modern purposes, modern development should be given precedence over the preservation of historic buildings.
usage
architecture
archeology
maintenance.
necessary
decision
urgent
accommodation
purpose
possible
tourist
citizens


One of the ways that history can be passed to future generations is through old buildings which are contructed by ancient architecture. It is expected that the modern buildings should be constructed in place of old buildings for better usage. I mostly do not believe with the statement mentioned by the author.

Already so many historic buildings are demolished for various reasons like urbanization, industrialization and wars. So, there is a high need for the remaining buildings to be conserved. Moreover, they represent our culture heritage and magnificent architecture. Best example for explaining the importance of historic buildings is Taj Mahal in India which is one among seven wonders of the world. This building is constructed by Shah Jahan in 16th century in the memory of his beloved wife Mumtaz which portrays us the Mughal period of Indian culture, rich in literature and architecture. Apart from giving us the view of history, it provides employment to people for it's maintenance.

Majority of modern constructions are for accommodation due to the increase in population. However, sky scrapers would serve the purpose better. It is also possible city plan by preserving the historical buildings. For example, Rome still has a lot of historical building that not only have increased the beauty of the city but also attracted numerous tourists. In this way we can keep the aesthetic value of the city and also accomodate the needs of the citizens.

Every coin has two sides, some times old building have to be demolished for the public advantage. For example if a historical building stands in a place which is the only feasible area to construct something necessary for public use like dams and roads. Construction of dams and roads are crucial for living of the people as they provide basic amenities. Additionally, some of the buildings constructed long time ago might get deteriorated and cannot sustain current climatic conditions.  

In conclusion, I mostly disagree with the statement that old buildings should be demolished for the sake of modern construction. Governments should try to conserve historical buildings unless there is a necessity. 
 