Q. Nations should pass laws to preserve any remaining wilderness areas in their natural state, even if these areas could be developed for economic gain.

mostly agree


The actions of the humankind in the last few decades has a huge negative impact on the environment.We have polluted the air,the water and the soil, hunted countless animals,destroyed the ecosystem, and made wildlife impossible in most of the countries.We have done it for one reason thinking that the progress in economy and industry is worth the sacrifice.But there is a point when some people saw that this is malfunctioning cycle,and needs to readjust some where and nations should take extra care to protect the forests, jungles and mountains because it will take hundreds of years to form it again.

Having all this in mind, the statement above is making a good point. Many people, from environmental activists to ordinary people who just care about the nature and wild life, would undoubtedly defend this statement and agree that governments should pass laws to preserve the remaining wilderness by any means possible. Campaigns should be conducted to make every citizen understand the importance of environment for our existence on the planet.Since no other organization would have the power to do so, it would logically be the governments responsibility to pass laws to preserve the remaining wilderness, before they are occupied and destroyed by factories or incorporations seeking profit.

In few cases, the government may have to utilize the wilderness for some critical purposes. Take an example that there are for sure countries in Africa which cannot provide enough food to their people and have large amount of wilderness lands because the people are unable to use them properly. In this case government need to discuss with the experts and should draw a line between the lands used for basic needs of the people and the lands that need to be preserved. The other case is the national parks which can generate revenue and also save the ecosystem. So we should not always think that saving environment does not provide economic gains.


